# Project Review Findings: AI-Powered Strategic Planning Platform

## Executive Summary

This document presents findings from a comprehensive architectural review of the AI-Powered
Strategic Planning Platform by specialized subagents. The review examined gaps in the Product
Requirements Document (@docs/PRD.md) and Implementation Runbook (@docs/implementation_runbook.md)
across architectural, backend, and frontend dimensions.

## Architectural Review Findings (architect-reviewer)

### 1. GraphRAG Architecture Complexity Gap

**Gap**: The PRD specifies <2% hallucination rate through GraphRAG validation, but the
implementation lacks technical detail on how the three validation tiers will be orchestrated at
scale.

**Impact**: Without clearly defined orchestration logic for the Entity → Community → Global
validation pipeline, achieving the promised quality may be technically challenging.

**Recommendation**: Add technical specification for GraphRAG tier orchestration, including
confidence threshold degradation strategies and fallback mechanisms.

### 2. Enterprise Scaling Architecture Incomplete

**Gap**: The architecture diagram shows data flow but lacks specific scaling patterns for
multi-region deployment and horizontal GraphRAG processing.

**Impact**: Supporting 500+ concurrent users with GraphRAG validation may encounter architectural
bottlenecks without distributed processing patterns.

**Recommendation**: Include Neo4j cluster design, CDN integration for AI model serving, and load
balancing strategies for GraphRAG endpoints.

### 3. Monitoring & Observability Framework Underdeveloped

**Gap**: The PRD mentions "comprehensive monitoring suite" but lacks specific implementation details
for GraphRAG quality metrics and hallucination rate tracking.

**Impact**: Without proper observability, detecting and resolving hallucinations in production will
be reactive rather than proactive.

**Recommendation**: Define specific monitoring dashboards for GraphRAG confidence scores, validation
latency, and hallucination detection metrics.

## Backend Architecture Findings (backend-architect)

### 1. GraphRAG Pipeline Integration Incomplete

**Gap**: The runbook shows Neo4j integration example, but lacks the actual multi-tier validation
pipeline implementation details.

**Impact**: The complex entity-community-global validation logic needs architectural patterns for
maintainability and scaling.

**Recommendation**: Provide detailed FastAPI endpoints for each validation tier with proper error
handling and fallback strategies.

### 2. Authentication Infrastructure Oversimplification

**Gap**: The current design uses JWT with Supabase, but enterprise features require SSO integration
that may not be adequately addressed.

**Impact**: Enterprise deployment with corporate identity providers may require additional
middleware and routing complexity.

**Recommendation**: Identify specific SSO protocols needed and associated middleware requirements (
SAML, OAuth2, etc.).

### 3. Performance Optimization Strategy Incomplete

**Gap**: The three-tier caching strategy is conceptually sound but lacks implementation details for
GraphRAG-specific caching.

**Impact**: AI model serving and validation caching may require specialized caching patterns beyond
standard Redis/Neo4j implementations.

**Recommendation**: Define GraphRAG-specific caching strategies for validation results and model
outputs.

## Frontend Architecture Findings (frontend-developer)

### 1. State Management Complexity Underestimated

**Gap**: The conversational workflow involves significant state transitions across phases, but Pinia
implementation details are insufficient.

**Impact**: Complex state scenarios like edit/approve workflows and section-to-section consistency
validation may exceed basic Pinia patterns.

**Recommendation**: Provide detailed state management architecture with context providers for
workflow state and real-time collaboration.

### 2. Real-Time Collaboration Requirements Unclear

**Gap**: The PRD mentions "real-time collaboration capabilities" but lacks technical implementation
details for multi-user editing and GraphRAG feedback.

**Impact**: Implementing collaborative workflows without proper WebSocket/event-driven patterns will
limit scalability.

**Recommendation**: Define specific real-time patterns for concurrent user sessions and GraphRAG
result sharing.

### 3. Mobile Responsiveness Implementation Incomplete

**Gap**: While responsive design is mentioned, specific breakdowns for mobile workflow optimization
are lacking.

**Impact**: Mobile users may experience degraded performance in conversational workflows without
proper touch optimization.

**Recommendation**: Add specific mobile breakpoints and touch-optimized component patterns for the
4-phase workflow.

## Common Themes & Recommendations

### 1. Implementation Detail Gaps

All reviewers noted insufficient technical detail for complex features like GraphRAG validation
tiers, real-time collaboration, and enterprise scaling patterns.

### 2. Performance & Scalability Concerns

Performance targets (<200ms, <2s load) require more specific architectural decisions for AI
processing and frontend optimization.

### 3. Enterprise Readiness

Enterprise features (SSO, RBAC, monitoring, compliance) need more detailed implementation
specifications.

## Next Steps

1. **Architectural Specification**: Add detailed technical specifications for GraphRAG tier
   orchestration and enterprise scaling patterns
2. **Implementation Refinement**: Enhance frontend state management and backend validation pipeline
   details
3. **Performance Engineering**: Define specific optimization strategies for AI processing and
   real-time workflows
4. **Enterprise Integration**: Provide detailed specifications for SSO, RBAC, and monitoring
   implementations

These findings represent addressable gaps that can be resolved with additional architectural detail
and implementation specifications, rather than fundamental platform redesigns.
